hey guys so I'm at the local store and
they just got this in I'm not actually
allowed to open them but it's kind of
nice to look at the packaging and it's
really fantastic i'm really excited to
go to pre-release i will be opening one
of each color at approximately midnight
until like one o'clock all five packages
should be open friday and again it'll be
like central time it'll be texas time so
one o'clock Eastern midnight my time
whatever the rest of the times so yeah
I'm going to go over my five favorite
colors for pre release obviously there's
only five colors journey into mix and
remember it there will be a que hora the
crashing waves giving away may first all
you have to do is subscribe and comment
on any video so if you go and pass a
subscriber rewards you kind of notice
that it could be literally any video
could my first video ever or it could be
this video so my top five pre-release
package I'm just I would love to open
them right now but obviously that's not
allowed that would probably get my store
in trouble anyway forced in pursuit this
green package would be number five green
I like green I like the fact that green
seems more mid-range II Dimmick long
term I just don't really know how to
play green so again this is my personal
preference black black is only really
good as a pre-release it's really good
as a splash of color but removal isn't
as good in black as I would kind of like
to see it so I don't know black would be
number four red would be number free
rent is very good read remind to make a
grow but honestly there's actually a
color that's more a Grodin even read and
read doesn't have that many bombs its
removal is conditional and designing
that good in my opinion so red is comes
next blue forward to the intellect blue
is extremely strong cuz you can play a
grow and control
it it really does I mean in the blue
formats remember you're going to get
only half your patch will be the new
stuff the other half will be the older
two sets and blue plays like an agro it
plays very fast very temple very it's
very aggressive but you do have bombs
that cost a lot so blue is my second
color white I'm really hoping to play
white white is just a fantastic color I
mean I look at it and I say it has
everything you really want for an aggro
deck again I'm going to say I'm very
aggro so white one Ford's in glory
fordson intellect Ford's in war Ford's
in tyranny forged in pursuit so in
another video I'm gonna be going over
kind of what I'm gonna do for people who
cannot make the pre-release friday i'm
going to kind of make a pseudo
pre-release a very interactive
experience for you guys so I'm actually
going to try to make a decent video bye
guys